now go ahead and if you have USB you go
ahead and safely inject it same with the
hard drive especially hard drive safely
ejected then after i checked my hard
drive i'm going to take you on to the
xbox you get again and going to show you
that the mod actually work hey youtube
since i did use my hard drive like so
I'm gonna put my hard drive back on but
if you had a USB you just plug the USB
peckin all right I'm gonna put my
harddrive on out okay hard resin and
turn yes box I'm putting my disc back in
all right troller you can see I'm
editing the whole desktop part that I
was filming all right
now if you had it on a USB like if you
would have whenever you start up the
game I'm going to ask you to use a
storage device you would just use the
USB because because that makes sense I
guess instead of moving over to your
hard drive but just to make sure it's
not corrupted we're going to check and
see the save i modded is not corrupted
and I will prove you it's modded by
showing you the weapons I added all
right now what you're going to do is I
forgot to do this step but what's going
to do is are going to press Y for device
options especially on your hard drive
you're going to hit clear your system
cache it says it'll perform mate its but
really what it does it removes pretty
much every single update and if you have
a USB do it on that to just do it on
whatever drive you're going to save it
to I'm gonna run the game
okay I'll stay disconnected from xbox
live hit hit cancel you cannot do online
with this so you can't talk to your
friends player playing sorry that big of
a deal i guess on off some people it is
okay this is the tip game by the way
loading screens take awhile on this game
so I installed it to my hard drive it
makes it so much faster alright as you
can see of course it just started the
game and there it is debug mega pistol
look at all that animal and watch I'll
go kill something with it proved that is
a really good weapon um where to go oh
yeah pretty much there it is go into
here go kill somebody and their mud go
in here yeah just pop somebody in here
don't see why not
should I rest I seriously missed that
many times yeah apparently I missed that
many times okay one hit kill because of
the damage on this guy slips see the
damage on it um wait that's go away 6349
damage very very good pen and there's my
thousands defects per million or I don't
even know how many i added yep so this
is legit obviously alright thanks for
watching like the video and he'll
subscribe to me alright thanks